feat: LTI 1.3 reusable configuration (#390)
openedx/xblock-lti-consumer: README.rst

Please see the `LTI 2.0 Result Service 2.0 instructions <https://github.com/openedx/xblock-lti-consumer/tree/master/docs/result_service.rst>`_
for testing the LTI 2.0 Result Service 2.0 implementation.

LTI Reusable configuration
**************************

The LTI Consumer XBlock supports configuration reusability via plugins.
It is compatible with both LTI 1.1 and LTI 1.3.
All values (including the access token and keyset URL for LTI 1.3)
are shared across the XBlocks with the same external configuration ID.
This eliminates the need to have a tool deployment for each XBlock.

How to Setup
============

> 1. Install and setup the openedx-ltistore plugin on the LMS and studio
>    (https://github.com/open-craft/openedx-ltistore):
> 2. Go to LMS admin > WAFFLE_UTILS > Waffle flag course override
>    (http://localhost:18010/admin/waffle_utils/waffleflagcourseoverridemodel/).
> 3. Create a waffle flag course override with these values:
>     - Waffle flag: lti_consumer.enable_external_config_filter
>     - Course id: <your course id>
>     - Override choice: Force On
>     - Enabled: True
> 4. Create a new external LTI configuration and use it on the XBlock.
>    (This is explaioned on the README of the openedx-ltistore repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install and setup the `openedx-ltistore`_ plugin on the LMS and Studio.
2. Go to LMS admin -> WAFFLE_UTILS -> Waffle flag course override
   (http://localhost:18000/admin/waffle_utils/waffleflagcourseoverridemodel/).
3. Create a waffle flag course override with these values:
    - Waffle flag: lti_consumer.enable_external_config_filter
    - Course id: <your course id>
    - Override choice: Force On
    - Enabled: True
4. Create a new external LTI configuration and use it in the XBlock.
   This is explained in the README of the `openedx-ltistore`_ repository.

.. _openedx-ltistore: https://github.com/open-craft/openedx-ltistore
```

Reviewer: GitHub does not highlight the changes for me, so I'll add this manually.

Changed lines: 290, 291, 292, 298, 299.
Added lines: 300, 301.
